Merge jwe decrypt (#47)
lmammino/jwtinfo: README.md

jwtinfo eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyfQ.SflKxwRJSMeKKF2QT4fwpMeJf36POk6yJV_adQssw5c | jq .
```

### JWE decryption

> If the token is encrypted (JWE), you can decrypt it by providing a key file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the token is encrypted (JWE), and you own the decryption key, you can see the decrypted payload by providing the key file:
```
